hey how's it going guys Bob from Bo BOTS
trains I had to mth
cars that were given to me by
helped out with his layout and I thought
these would be good candidates to play
around installing LED lighting strips so
with some help from the guys on the OTR
forum I did this project in a couple
days so here's the original lighting
with the four bulbs before I did the LED
conversion notice the hot spots from the
bulbs and I'm running at 18 volts right
now and here you see the original wiring
and the original four bulbs just we can
get an idea of what's inside there
before I do the project and our current
draw looks to be about 683 milliamps on
the original wiring now with some help
from the guys on the OTR forum this is
the circuit i fashioned up from my
original circuit
I made a modification and added this
trimmer pot so that I could dim down the
LEDs the circuit includes a voltage
regulator a capacitor a full wave bridge
rectifier a resistor and that trimmer
pot I wanna choke for DCs
no even though these LED strips have an
adhesive backing I wasn't sure whether
they would hold long-term so I just hots
knotted the LED strips into the top of
the shell and over here on my circuit
board the back of it would show through
that little window in the vestibule so
maybe so what I did was just took a
sharpie and color to black so that if it
did show through the end it wouldn't be
as noticeable and that was more
interested in checking the electronics
and seeing how that work on this one
then the cosmetic appearance but I don't
think it'll be a problem my hots nodded
my circuit board into the end of the car
and then I tapped my wires down off of
theirs through the wire nut and soldered
it on to that side of the bulb now I
guess you want to run all these and you
know what the LEDs on the bulb don't
have nuclear fusion in your car that's
fine but I'm gonna take these four bulbs
out and then just run the LEDs and down
here is my trimmer pot so I can adjust
if they're too bright okay so what's the
amperage going to be if we use all four
of the factory bulbs in my LED strip
let's put at 18 volts and about 714
milliamps now I'll pull out the bulb is
one of the time and we'll watch it drop
you
so where'd we stabilize in at about 43
44 milliamps 43 milliamps with the LED
circuit let me start playing with my pot
and see what happens all the way down to
nothing the bulbs super low I crank it
up we go back up to the 43 44 now that's
a five-k trimmer and I believe the LED
strips have 150 ohm in series built into
them and I'm using a 47 ohm across my
current regulator so now let's check the
cap and see what type of flicker free
performance we have I'll simulate you
know going over the rails here and
having some breaks in the current I mean
as long as you're just jostling around
it's fine I can actually pull these
apart for a split second and you know
then they'll then they'll flicker a
little bit you can always put a bigger
cap in this is a 470 micro farad if you
have room put a bigger one in but I
think it's going to be fine I mean I'm
actually pulling these things apart at
times to make it flicker most of the
time with the two pickups that's
probably not going to happen
and here's a split screen showing the
original at the top with the hotspots
and the bulbs and then the more uniform
LED lighting at the bottom
I have all my supplies here which is
good because I have one more car to do
like that it was a really fun project
and I learned a lot and I want to thank
the guys at the OTR forum but I really
specifically want to thank gunrunner
John Stand 2004 and rail ride and
there's some other guys they know who
they are but Stan 2004 really writes
things in a way that at my level I
understand exactly what he's saying and
I really appreciate it so thanks for
that while we're at it let's just test
the flicker-free operation took capsule
in its job look at that and flickering
LEDs are on all the time going across
some rail joints nice oh I hope this has
been informative please leave your
comments and likes below and I hope this
helps you with one of your projects and
thanks for watching
you